# Advanced Package

Take lead in the frontier of science and technology, and create practical packages, including core packages such as machine vision, composite robots, etc., and enlightens the user\'s creative thinking to make him understand the open source innovation culture.

With good expansibility and high openness, the package can be used for multiple applications. It can be easily used for the practice platforms of colleges, robotics building, robot laboratories and personal study.

### Package Type:

[**AI Kit 2023**](../../2-serialproduct/2.9-AIkit2023en/introduce.md)

* Artificial intelligence Kit 2023 version is a new upgrade, learn the control principle of four-axis and six-axis collaborative robots, and realize fully automated operations from identification to sorting.

[**myCobot 320 AI Kit 2023**](../../2-serialproduct/2.10-AIkit2023en_320/introduce.md)

* The myCobot 320 AI Kit 2023 Edition is a Python-based platform that allows control of the robotic arm through software development. It enables fully automated operations, from recognition to sorting, making it suitable for a wide range of applications.

[**AI Kit 3D**](../../2-serialproduct/2.11-AIkit2023en_3D/introduce.md)

* The AI Kit 3D Edition is equipped with a 3D camera for three-dimensional recognition and positioning. It eliminates the need for complex position calibration, making the setup process hassle-free. The kit offers four recognition algorithms and two major applications. The open-source Python-based code allows developers to control the robotic arm through the development software, enabling full automation from recognition to sorting tasks. With this kit, you can achieve seamless automation in your operations, from object recognition to automated sorting.

[**AI Kit**](../../2-serialproduct/2.8-kit/2.8.1-kit.md) 

* A robot is guided through machine vision, and intelligent gripper can be realized
at the same time.

[**Industry 4.0 Package.**](../../2-serialproduct/2.8-kit/2.8.2-AIKit_pre.md) 

* A robot is guided through machine vision, and intelligent gripper can be realized
at the same time. (Upgraded version of AI package)

[**Mobile Hybrid Robot Package**](../../2-serialproduct/2.5-myAGV.md)

* The mobile hybrid robot allows your workspace to be expanded sufficiently to enable it to complete more tasks.

**Smart Warehousing Palletizing Package**. It is going to be put on the market soon.
